well all guys here gdf silb bra
closing with my new video
this time guys bortot another
always show top five place of the week
obviously composed of yours
best clips you send me every
week so guys I remember that
if you want this the lab has that in front
yes, it really becomes a lot
send me your best clips to
mail and cyber you turn on football
gmail.com that is having in
overpressure or send a
private message on youtube where still
of your link to yours
video of your clip and I do it
ska i will say i will arrange to put them one
what about a top five or are I going to put it
next will be only 20 in the next one
so I recommend you guys impediments
similar to perform these go
forward
so let's start right away with the fifth
location where we find hicks khalid
code I'm not mistaken that brings us this
beautiful five men on screen made in
domain will see if you're not wrong stand
off I wouldn't want to do because of quite a while
what game plays black ops where in visa
even a little forgetting the map names
of the truth therefore it should be
stand if I'm not mistaken precisely made
always my 27 really beautiful clips
a month in fifth place reports
made prevent fourth place a
kick where some clips of kratos but already
finished second account blue camel e
in fact it was a bit of trust enough
isis done on the domain b spot
while here in third place we give agazzi
ones are very nice and why not
he knew what an isee was anyway
event a full team on search and destroy
in fact to say here has already taken 5 30
seconds of the game and not even in 40 50
seconds will end the game really one
really absurd very fast made with
the end therefore an ace made with the 94 and
I remember that at the beginning of ghost in
tg 1 with the sniper however from the
beautiful of immediate lips found the
third place because in second place
guy after a really milan clip
very very beautiful I was even before the
because anyway made for then prize
this fact and then at the beginning between one
it is very easy to shave a lot
soon after another spot arrives depends
bringing this possible thanks
really sucks if you ca n't miss e
shoot the four-shot scoop again and
does a share of the sorry guys there is with
four shots voices that all of them e
four enemies takes you home
very stable quad feed with a second
really very much clipper place you have
very beautiful
first place boys always on the
same map we find a clip made
from the former gaming btr alone I don't
they remember my number of names
precisely but avoids for very beautiful
in fact it is made on league and is for
this is the first of course also
because it is done under s 23 in the game
just come out and still being made
su liga and being done in four
against four
having made a five less screen e
guys with a really absurd killing
10 enemies and there were four in the lobby
you have to imagine what a massacre he did
indie saw he did at least skin with
four versions and lobby was a
verona that freely very beautiful and the
also for this reason
above all for this fact
being these enemies lobby had done
a skin fireplace was again
seriously very absurd fact of the 21st
massacre of the Madonna compliments to next
gaming I don't remember name and nothing
boys so I want to leave you
lots of bay big cup
I recommend boys less e
militant who is living on medical posts
always personalize seems to know about
football gmail.com and no boys ed
next nice video